{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ESession Sheet for D&D\
\
If you don't know what D&D is, if you do, skip down two paragraphs:\
This is an electronic session sheet for Dungeons and Dragons, the pen and paper game. In the game you are required to keep track of a series of small numbers during play. As your level in the game progresses, the amount and frequent change in these numbers can cause a delay in the flow of play as players try to keep track of them and use them. The intent of the session sheet is not to replace the character sheet used in play, but supplement and accelerate it.\
\
The app will require some basic information about the character to be entered, as well as the ability to add, edit, and activate/deactivate modifiers. An added bonus if time allows will be to have buttons for quick modifiers that only apply for single use.\
\
\
The app will begin by loading a small set of options, a main menu. On the top will be session sheet, and take you to the actual session page. Other options include Character Information, Load Modifiers, and About.\
\
The player will first need to enter character information, tapping on the button will lead to a small form to enter HP, THP, AC, TOUCH, FORT, REF, WIL, ATK, ATKNUM, and DMG. There will be a save button that will store character to local storage then return the player to the main menu. Or cancel which will just return\
\
The player may choose then to load modifiers (or can have done this before entering character information) which should load a list of modifiers to local storage or database.\
\
The player then goes into the session sheet. The sheet displays a form with buttons and numbers labeled for the Stats that were entered in character information. Navigation tabs at the top will allow you to Navigate between the Sheet, Modifiers, and Character information. All fields will have a roll button next to them to add a d20 roll to their score and then disappear. TATK, HP, & AC, which will have a visual distinction, will open secondary pages:\
\
ATK: Opens attack screen, displays a list of attack numbers equal to ATKNUM in a list format with two buttons next to each number. One for quick modifiers, another for roll. The quick mod button(yellow plus sign) will bring up a list of buttons with modifier numbers: +2, +4, -1, -2, -5, -10, #(Enter a Number). The roll button(blue, icosahedron) will bring up buttons for the numbers 1-20. Once a button in either category is pressed, the buttons go away and the color is added to the number to indicate something has been pressed. The nave bar at the top has turned into a giant back button, which returns the player to the session sheet.\
\
HP: Opens the heal and damage screen, which will allow you to enter a number then perform an option:\
	Damage: subtract from current\
	Heal: add to current, limit of maximum\
	Add Temp: add to current, no limit\
Once a number is entered and button pressed, it returns to the session sheet with the new HP displayed.\
\
AC: Opens the AC quick mod screen, which gives a list of quick ac modifiers to activate/deactivate which will modify the AC. This is similar to the Modifier list in its effect on session sheet, but is distinct enough in gameplay to warrant it's own list for quick changes. These Effects will range from -2 to +10 similar to the regular quick mod.\
\
Players can switch over to the modifier screen to add or deactivate modifiers. The mod screen will retain the main navigation look, but will change buttons to session sheet, add mod, and turn off all (which will prompt a confirmation). Modifiers will be displayed in a list format with check boxes for on off status, and a button on the right to edit them. Editing a modifier or adding one will move you to the add/edit form, which will have the same categories as the character information sheet plus a name category. There is a save and cancel button on the add/edit form navigation.\
\
When modifiers are active, they add to the totals on the session sheet.\
\
}